Hey, stop making trouble, you two
Who made trouble? We are good sisters.
Hello, welcome to the Windlon Hotel
Do you have an appointment?
Booked for Ms. Shu Ting
It turned out to be our most distinguished guest today
Excuse me.
Today our birthday girl, Princess Minjin, is
Are you there me
You are indeed the brightest princess tonight
Please follow me to the VIP channel
Take the exclusive elevator to the banquet hall
Have a nice meal!
Ah!
Damn it, what bad luck did I have today?
Why did you meet them again?
If I remember correctly
That elevator
It should be a VIP elevator, right?
Only that elevator
To get to five stars?
Who is that cripple's father?
How can I get to the sky garden?
Well, today is my 18th birthday
I'm going to eat at that five-star restaurant